---
title: About me
---

## Who am I?

My name is Clemens and I currently work as a Software Engineer, maintaining and
extending backend services.

## Education

I got a B.Sc. in Computer Science at UAS Technikum Wien. I also studied physics
for a while until I figured out it wasn't for me.

## Coding

I mainly use Java, Go and Java-/Typescript (when I need to) for programming, but
I'm not afraid to try something new. My OS of choice is Linux (specifically
NixOS) and I do all of my editing in neovim. I'm also interested in DevOps and
have a server at home running NixOS. Automating all the boring stuff is also a
worthwhile goal for me. I have a Gitea instance where I keep all my private
repos, the code I feel confident/important enough to share is on GitHub.

## Music

I mostly listen to progressive rock and other _slightly weird_ music. I'm also
not averted to more classical music and soundtracks. Recently, I've also
explored a more ambient/electronic sound. While I picked up a guitar at the end
of 2021, I never got too far other than playing some basic chords. I also have a
collection of Vinyls. Eventually, I want to learn more about music production
and synthesizers or might even pick up a keyboard.

For reference, here is a good example what I like from one of my favorite
artists:

{{< youtube GPfcL5K7VZ8 >}}

## Science and Space

I'm interested in alot of science, specifically various branches of physics. The
most interesting is for me space/astrophysics. Space has always fascinated me
since my childhood, both the scientific background and its exploration by
humanity. One of the reasons I started studying physics was exactly this
fascination. Nowadays, I mostly try to keep up with the newest advancements and
developments in the field.

## Sci-Fi

Because of my interest in science, I enjoy consuming science fiction media. Some
of my favorites include:

- Bladerunner 2049
- Diaspora by Greg Egan
- Dune
- Stargate
- Startrek
- Stellaris
- The Forever War by Joe Haldeman

## Biking and Hiking

While I'm not the most sporty person, I do enjoy hiking, walking and driving
around with my ebike.

## Gaming

I used to play quite a lot on Nintendo consoles when I was younger. Nowadays,
when playing games, I mostly enjoy indie and older titles on my PC or my Steam
Deck or whatever I bought in the last steam sale. My favorite genres are
probably RPGs, old-school shooters, metroidvanias and some strategy games.

As for multiplayer games, I spent way too many hours playing Guild Wars when I
was a teenager (And I still regard it as one of my favorite games of all time).
I also played quite a lot of StarCraft II when it was still relatively popular,
although I was never especially good at it. I also spend a lot of time in the
past playing Guild Wars 2 and still play it occasionally when new story update
are released.
